toolbar:                             raised solid
toolbar.color:                       #222222
toolbar.height:                      22
toolbar.justify:                     Center
toolbar.windowLabel:                 parentrelative

toolbar.button:                      flat solid
toolbar.button.color:                #222222
toolbar.button.picColor:             #888888
toolbar.button.pressed:              sunken flat
toolbar.button.pressed.color:        #333333

toolbar.clock:                       flat solid
toolbar.clock.color:                 #222222
toolbar.clock.textColor:             #aaaaaa

toolbar.iconbar.empty:               flat solid
toolbar.iconbar.empty.color:         #222222

toolbar.iconbar.focused:             flat solid
toolbar.iconbar.focused.color:       #222222
toolbar.iconbar.focused.textColor:   #cccccc

toolbar.iconbar.unfocused:           flat solid
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.color:     #222222
toolbar.iconbar.unfocused.textColor: #888888

toolbar.label:                       parentrelative
toolbar.label.textColor:             #cccccc

window.button.focus:                 parentrelative
window.button.focus.picColor:        #cccccc
window.button.unfocus:               parentrelative
window.button.unfocus.picColor:      #888888
window.button.pressed:               sunken flat
window.button.pressed.color:         #333333

menu.bullet:                         triangle
menu.bullet.position:                right

menu.frame:                          flat solid
menu.frame.color:                    #cccccc
menu.frame.textColor:                #111111
menu.frame.justify:                  left

menu.hilite:                         flat solid
menu.hilite.textColor:               #cccccc
menu.hilite.color:                   #222222

menu.title:                          raised solid
menu.title.color:                    #222222
menu.title.textColor:                #cccccc
menu.title.justify:                  center

window.justify:                      center

window.grip.focus:                   raised solid
window.grip.focus.color:             #222222
window.grip.unfocus:                 raised solid
window.grip.unfocus.color:           #333333

window.handle.focus:                 raised solid
window.handle.focus.color:           #555555
window.handle.unfocus:               raised solid
window.handle.unfocus.color:         #333333

window.label.focus:                  parentrelative
window.label.focus.textColor:        #cccccc
window.label.unfocus:                parentrelative
window.label.unfocus.textColor:      #777777

window.title.focus:                  raised solid
window.title.focus.color:            #222222
window.title.height:                 20
window.title.unfocus:                raised solid
window.title.unfocus.color:          #333333

bevelWidth:                          3
borderColor:                         #000000
handleWidth:                         4
*font:                               DeJavu Sans-10
menu.borderWidth:                    1
toolbar.bevelWidth:                  1
toolbar.borderWidth:                 1
window.borderWidth:                  1
